_events/2019/nottingham.md, before:

---
title: PubConf Nottingham 2019
date: 2019-10-26T18:30:00+1:00
end_date: 2019-10-26T23:30:00+1:00
local_time: 2019-10-26T18:30
#tickets:
#  url: https://ti.to/dddperth/pubconf-perth/
#  price: 65
#  currency: AUD

#images
images:
 share: /assets/images/events/nottingham/event-share.jpg
 logo: /assets/images/events/nottingham/event-logo.svg
 background: /assets/images/events/nottingham/event-hero-bg.jpg

#partner
partner:
  name: DDD East Midlands
  url: https://www.dddeastmidlands.com/
  logo: /assets/images/events/nottingham/partner-logo.png

#tickets
tickets:
  url: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/pubconf-nottingham-tickets-72233483293
  price: 15
  currency: GBP

#venue
venue:
  name: Monty's Bar and Social
  address: Trinity Place, Trinity Square, Nottingham NG1 4AF
  url: https://www.montysbarandsocial.co.uk/

#speakers
host: dylan_beattie
speakers:
  matt_brunt:
    talk: Doctor, It Hurts When I PHP
  moreton_brockley:
    talk: The Woes of Being a White Male in Tech
  louise_paling:
    talk: What I've Learned From Tetris
  ian_cooper:
    talk: TBC
  jessica_white:
    talk: Hire Me! I Have Breasts!
  kate_bolin:
    talk: Old Woman Yells At Website
supporters:
  - name: TrackJS
    level: topshelf
    url: https://trackjs.com/
    image: /assets/images/supporters/tjs.png


---

Commit message:

Add Andrew Seward and Lex Lofthouse to Notts; plus personalized speaker CSS

_events/2019/nottingham.md, after:

---
title: PubConf Nottingham 2019
date: 2019-10-26T18:30:00+1:00
end_date: 2019-10-26T23:30:00+1:00
local_time: 2019-10-26T18:30
#tickets:
#  url: https://ti.to/dddperth/pubconf-perth/
#  price: 65
#  currency: AUD

#images
images:
 share: /assets/images/events/nottingham/event-share.jpg
 logo: /assets/images/events/nottingham/event-logo.svg
 background: /assets/images/events/nottingham/event-hero-bg.jpg

#partner
partner:
  name: DDD East Midlands
  url: https://www.dddeastmidlands.com/
  logo: /assets/images/events/nottingham/partner-logo.png

#tickets
tickets:
  url: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/pubconf-nottingham-tickets-72233483293
  price: 15
  currency: GBP

#venue
venue:
  name: Monty's Bar and Social
  address: Trinity Place, Trinity Square, Nottingham NG1 4AF
  url: https://www.montysbarandsocial.co.uk/

#speakers
host: dylan_beattie
speakers:
  matt_brunt:
    talk: Doctor, It Hurts When I PHP
  moreton_brockley:
    talk: The Woes of Being a White Male in Tech
  louise_paling:
    talk: What I've Learned From Tetris
  ian_cooper:
    talk: The Duct Tape Developer
  lex_lofthouse:
    talk: I <3 Comic Sans
  andrew_seward:
    talk: The Most Public of my Many Failures
  jessica_white:
    talk: Hire Me! I Have Breasts!
  kate_bolin:
    talk: Old Woman Yells At Website
supporters:
  - name: TrackJS
    level: topshelf
    url: https://trackjs.com/
    image: /assets/images/supporters/tjs.png


---
